fix(otlp-exporter-base): remove xhr transport (#6317)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: experimental/CHANGELOG.md

### :boom: Breaking Changes

> * fix(otlp-exporter-base): remove xhr transport [#6317](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/6317) @cjihrig

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* fix(otlp-exporter-base)!: remove xhr transport [#6317](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/6317) @cjihrig
```

  * Breaking changes:

>     * (user-facing) The XHR transport was previously deprecated and has now been removed. Users should use a `fetch()` polyfill if they want to keep the functionality of sending headers with their requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * (user-facing) The deprecated XHR-based transport has been removed and replaced with `fetch()`. This change affects users who relied on `XmlHttpRequest` instead of `fetch()` for sending headers with OTLP exports. To maintain compatibility on browsers without a `fetch()` implementation, include a `fetch()` polyfill.
```
